JUDY WOODRUFF: And now to
the day's other major story.
It is in London, where a
fast-moving fire engulfed a
high-rise apartment building.
It killed at least 12
people and injured scores.
We have a report from Dan
Rivers of Independent Television
News, and with a warning: Some
of the images and sounds
may be disturbing.
DAN RIVERS: With horrifying
ferocity, the fire consumed
Grenfell Tower in minutes, a
24-floor inferno from which
there was no escape for some.
Trapped by smoke and flames,
residents signaled their plight
from on high as the building
disintegrated around them.
On this mobile phone footage,
the cries for help are chilling.
MAN: Help!
Help!
MAN: We saw people looking out
of the windows, screaming help,
screaming, help, help, flashing
their lights and everything.
And now all those windows,
people are gone, literally gone.
MAN: I saw one person
trying to jump out.
One actually jumped out,
and obviously what happened.
It's just a nightmare.
DAN RIVERS: The streets around
Grenfell Tower were soon full
of those who escaped its flames,
children among those suffering
from the acrid fumes.
An exhausted little girl
is cradled as the shock
and bewilderment sink in.
Many here have lost everything.
Some are still unsure what's
happened to neighbors,
friends, loved ones.
And, above them,
the fire raged on.
As the sky lightened,
the flames continued
to devour the building.
This was the view from the
SOUTH BANK, the plume of
smoke visible for 20 miles.
With daylight, stories
of extraordinary escape
started to emerge.
SAMIRA LAMRANI, Witness: A
lady appeared at the window,
gesturing, body language, from
what she was saying, I'm
about to throw my baby,
please catch the baby.
And the baby, I think,
was wrapped in some sort
of bed sheet, blanket.
And she threw the baby.
As the baby came down -- and
this was about approximately
from the ninth or 10th floor
- - a member of the public,
a gentleman ran forward and
miraculously grabbed the baby.
And, like I said, above you,
from the left, from the right,
mostly kids, it was harrowing,
torturing screams
for help, young kids.
And I think also, where
the fire was now spread,
people were reaching out
from the front window,
trying to grasp a bit of
fresh air, trying to breathe
in like they were struggling.
And there were, at one point,
one window about four or five
heads all squeezing their heads
through.
It was honestly
like a horror movie.
DAN RIVERS: Some had
knotted sheets together
in an attempt to escape.
But even this left them
several floors short of safety.
WOMAN: People were
jumping off buildings.
People were screaming, saying,
help me, help me, help me.
DAN RIVERS: The cause
of the fire is unknown,
but one resident claims
it spread from her
neighbor's flat, possibly
a faulty appliance.
WOMAN: The fire started from
the kitchen, but I don't know
exactly -- from which problem,
I don't know.
But it was from the kitchen,
because the flat door was open.
DAN RIVERS: It's already
clear the death toll
will be significant.
Up to 600 people lived in
Grenfell House in 120 flats.
For those who were on the
very upper floors, the
odds of survival seem slim.
Those fighting the fire
confirmed today how challenging
it's been to extinguish.
MAN: This was an unprecedented
fire in terms of scale,
speed, and spread.
And just to reiterate that
point, the incident continues
to be a challenging incident for
us.
DAN RIVERS: There is speculation
a gap behind a recently added
external cladding may have
created a chimney effect,
allowing the flames to spread.
Some had to wait all
night before they escaped.
This man was still
calling for help six hours
after the fire started.
At times, he disappeared
into clouds of smoke,
but, incredibly, he did
finally make it out,
one of 65 rescued from
Grenfell Tower today.
Tonight, while most of the
flames have been put out, the
charred shell of the tower block
continues to smolder.
It may be days before the
final death toll is known, and
much longer before the cause
of this tragedy is pinpointed.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Prime Minister
Theresa May promised a full
investigation, and the British
government ordered safety
checks at other high-rises
undergoing renovations.
In the day's other news:
Leaders of the Senate
Intelligence Committee
held their first meeting
with Robert Mueller, the special
counsel investigating Russian
meddling in the 2016 election.
That followed 24 hours
of speculation about
Mueller's future.
Last night, White
House spokeswoman Sarah
Huckabee Sanders told
reporters: "While the
president has the right
to fire Mueller, he has
no intention of doing so."
The New York Times reported that
Mr. Trump began contemplating
his dismissal shortly
after he was appointed.
The U.S. Senate overwhelmingly
approved new sanctions on
Russia today over its election
hacking.
The penalties target those
involving human rights
abuses and cyber-crime.
The bill also blocks the
president from removing
sanctions without
congressional approval.
Ahead of the vote, Secretary
of State Rex Tillerson warned
a House panel against limiting
the president's options.
REX TILLERSON, U.S. Secretary
of State: I would urge Congress
to ensure any legislation
allows the president to have the
flexibility to adjust sanctions
to meet the needs of what
is always an evolving
diplomatic situation.
Essentially, we would ask for
the flexibility to turn the heat
up when we need to, but also
to ensure that we have
the ability to maintain
a constructive dialogue.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The amendment
is part of a broader bill
dealing with sanctions on Iran.
If it clears the Senate,
the measure still
needs House approval.
President Trump has now handed
off authority over troop levels
in Afghanistan to Secretary
of Defense James Mattis.
Mattis confirmed it today,
but said it doesn't mean
an immediate increase
in U.S. deployments.
Meanwhile, the U.N.
secretary-general, Antonio
Guterres, visited Kabul today.
He said there was -- quote
-- "no military solution" for
that country's long-running
war.
Back in this country, a
gunman in San Francisco
shot three people to
death at a UPS warehouse,
before turning the
gun on himself.
Police say the man was
a UPS employee armed
with an assault pistol.
Heavily armed officers searched
the sprawling complex after
the shooting started, as dozens
of employees poured
out of the building.
Five people were charged
with involuntary manslaughter
today in connection with the
lead-contaminated water
crisis in Flint, Michigan.
The case involves the
death of an elderly
man from Legionnaires'
disease allegedly brought
on by the tainted water.
Those charged today include Nick
Lyon, a Michigan state health
and human services director.
He could get up to 15 years
in prison if he's convicted.
The Federal Reserve Board has
raised a key short-term interest
rate again, meaning that
rates for credit cards and
similar debt are going up.
The quarter-point hike is
the third in six months.
In Washington today, Fed
Chair Janet Yellen suggested
it's a vote of confidence.
JANET YELLEN, Federal Reserve
Chair: The economy is doing
well, is showing resilience.
We have a very strong labor
market, an unemployment
rate that's declined
to levels we have not
seen since 2001.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The Fed
also announced plans to
gradually start scaling
back its bond holdings.
That could cause long-term
interest rates to rise.
Nearly 200 Democratic lawmakers
are suing President Trump
over foreign money ties to
his business empire.
They say that he never divested
from his far-flung interests, so
he is violating, they say, the
Constitution's
Emoluments Clause.
It restricts gifts and
benefits from foreign leaders.
The attorneys general from
Maryland and the District of
Columbia filed a similar suit
this week.
On Wall Street today, the Dow
Jones industrial average gained
46 points to close at 21374.
The Nasdaq fell 25 points,
and the S&P 500 slipped two.
And a French pilot successfully
crossed the English Channel
in a flying car today.
The machine was part dune
buggy and part paraglider.
It took off from an abandoned
runway near Calais, France,
and took just under an hour
to make the crossing.
The pilot and car landed
safely near Dover, a
journey of about 36 miles.
Now you have seen it.